Not even shaking high tension here in
Hong Kong. You're watching the China
show. I'm Eva [music] Man with David
Ingles. Good Good morning. We're
counting down to the open of markets in
greater China. [music] Let's get to top
stories today. Asian tech shares
following US stocks higher after AMD's
blockbuster forecast really on the back
of sustained demand for AI hardware.
Risk appetite [music] also getting a
boost as President Trump says the US and
Iran are making progress toward a deal
to end the war. Meanwhile, [music]
Iran's foreign minister heads to Beijing
for talks with his Chinese counterpart.
>> And [music] that's setting up a runway
for mainland markets that open up today.
We open today after a long weekend.
Higher is the direction of [music]
travel following that extended break
here. Travel shares in focus as initial
data suggests that the May Day holiday
shows a record 1.5 billion [music]
trips.
Yeah, 1.5 billion trips during the May
Day holiday. You're talking about $1
trillion market valuation for the likes
of Samsung right now. So there's plenty
of good news out there here and even
geopolitically with the Iran situation.
You have operation epic fury according
to Marco Rubio is basically concluded.
You have project freedom that's
basically on pause. I think that's a
good backdrop for a really risk today.
Yes, absolutely. And I think oil prices
are telling you that. We're down 2% and
of course you have the Ukrainian foreign
minister headed to China as well. So the
stars are aligning certainly ahead of
the
the big meeting of course which is
roughly about this time next week
between the two presidents. So markets
are taking this one really really well.
We are looking at a substantial rally
across risk assets. US futures are also
moving quite substantially
in the early goings and yet this reopen
of mainland markets today really is set
up quite well. We couldn't think of a
perfect setup going into this reopen.
Yeah, it could be a good sort of catch
up story for China given that it really
has had some weak performance especially
when it comes to the tech gauge for the
last several months or so. Is there now
room for that sort of opening here?
Certainly that's one case here. We have
Eva Lee from UBS. She's talking about
this deep seek you know new model might
actually be that new beneficiary here.
That boost for the tech sector for the
chip space for of course some of these
internet platforms. But certainly you
know it still remains the memory side of
things that is still near and dear to
many investors here. And you take a look
at what the Cosby's doing after coming
back from that holiday. Yeah, a bit
crazy. 6% on an index level, 13% as you
can see on Samsung as we were pointing
out becoming I think the 12th or 13th
company globally to
be part of the trillion dollar club and
certainly the Iran
pullback and retreat there on the war
situation is really seeing a pullback
across defense related shares in South
Korea which obviously had been also a
bit of quite substantially on the back
of all that. On top of all that of
course we had this this this almost very
Goldilocks moment for Hong Kong, right?
>> Yeah. In terms of economic numbers,
couple of earnings to tell you about
today. But yes, the GDP print was quite
substantial as flagged by the financial
secretary on the weekend. 5.9% for the
first quarter here and really it's
surpassing the growth we saw even in
mainland China. I think it's the first
time since the pandemic that we've
actually seen that sort of growth
and really surpassing the mainland. And
so it really goes to show, right?
There's so much going on whether it's
the equity inflows that are coming into
this market, this property sector that
seems to be showing some nascent signs
of recovery. And you add that to the
tourist side of things I think it's a
good recipe for good news for Hong Kong.
Yeah, and I'm sure 1.5 billion, right?
Part of that really came through as far
as the trips go here in Hong Kong.
Although just a caveat there that the
PMI numbers for April which came out
about 30 minutes back were on the
contraction side of things. So maybe
let's see how you know what what the net
effect will be looking at markets going
into the Wednesday session. But yes,
let's get to the big story today.
>> Yeah, it's still AI. It's still also
Iran, right? Let's get to the latest
here when it comes to the Middle East.
President Trump is pausing a US led
effort to help stranded ships exit the
Strait of Hormuz see if an agreement
with Iran to end the war can be
finalized. Officials earlier said
offensive operations in the war are
over.
The operation is over. Epic Fury is
President notified Congress. We're done
with that stage of it. Okay, we're now
on to this project of freedom. As far as
a negotiation is concerned, I think the
President's been clear that part of the
negotiation process has to be not just
the enrichment but what happens to this
material that's buried deep somewhere
that they have still have access to if
they ever wanted to dig it out. That has
to be addressed.
Let's bring in our team to fill out the
details for us here. Michael Heath of
course and also joining us here inside
is Mike is Min Min our China
correspondent. Michael, let me start
with you.
Do we smell the the prospect of a more
permanent ceasefire now?
Yeah, look it's hard to say. I mean in a
in a sense project freedom
I mean it basically has lasted a day and
and it spurred quite a lot of violence,
you know, fresh violence and a bit of a
threat to the the ceasefire that was in
place.
So to see it paused you know sort of a
day perhaps two days later
isn't terribly surprising because the
cost of
you know they got a a couple of US
flagged
merchant ships through. But you know it
came at the cost of
ship attacks and missiles and and the
UAE coming under attack again. And now
most of those attacks were fended off
but just the the scale of what was
required just to get a couple of ships
through sort of suggests that perhaps it
wasn't so worthwhile. The talks is more
interesting because Pakistan obviously
has been fairly central to the
negotiating process that's gone on
there. We we sort of have heard some
some negative comments from Iran's
president saying the US is sort of
trying to
trying to negotiate with you know
put up its maximalist demands
you know and and and get Iran to
capitulate which it will never do. But
by the same token what's said publicly
and what's said privately are quite
different. The markets are certainly
taking things as quite positive but Iran
actually referred to President Trump's
project freedom as project deadlock
which in a way sort of perhaps perhaps
explains things a bit bit more because
that choke point of the Strait of Hormuz
really isn't opening up anytime soon. So
while things have de-escalated a bit in
terms of
kinetic conflict
the actual movement of energy through
sort of still doesn't seem to be
happening.
So what do we need to look at for for
next? Do we know if if talks have
resumed? You know how is your the
Iranians responding to what the US seems
to be projecting which is really
downplaying this this latest flare up?
Yeah, I mean
it's it's look it's really really hard
to judge because obviously a lot of this
is being done behind the scenes and
we've been told many many times that
that great progress is being made. But
at the end of the day you know as as
Secretary of State Rubio mentioned there
that the idea is that they the US wants
Iran to to not be able to produce a
nuclear weapon and to hand over its
highly enriched uranium which Iran is
sort of you know it's offered some
compromises but it's it's been pretty
resistant to that. And by the same token
the US and the rest of the world wants
the Strait of Hormuz opened and Iran has
sort of signaled that the world is never
going back to that pre-war stage that
they will now have a degree of control
over the transiting of ships through
that strait. So there's some pretty
strong
you know
areas that need to be bridged there and
pretty resistant to bridging and they've
proven that that way over the weeks of
this
conflict and and then during the
ceasefire too. So I mean you know
President Trump expressed optimism so
based on that you would you would say
yes but we have heard a lot of this
before as well.
Okay, Michael Michael thank you there.
Michael Heath there. Let's let's have a
look at the China angle here and of
course the
major component really to the story
today is the the foreign minister
Iranians Iranians foreign minister Abbas
Araghchi is in fact headed to Beijing
today for his first visit to China since
the war began. And Min Min of course is
here with the details. What do we know
about this trip today? Yeah, we know
very little. According to the official
statement which just came out late last
night from the Chinese side. It was a
one liner saying that the foreign
minister of Iran is visiting. He'll be
meeting Wang Yi the Chinese foreign
minister and they'll be discussing
international developments. So that's
all we know officially. But of course
you can read into the timing of this,
right? It's quite strategic coming just
a few days before Trump is set to visit
as well. So in a sense this is a perfect
opportunity for Iran to brief China on
the latest developments, what they see
as a potential end game, what do they
want to get out of a potential political
solution to the end of that war. And
perhaps China could once again play a
role in being that interlocutor between
President Trump and Iran especially
given how the last ceasefire that was
broken by Pakistan. We have those
Iranian officials that told us and that
credited Chinese officials for having
played a part in securing that deal. And
President Trump himself also credited or
acknowledged China's role in this even
though China has themselves been
downplaying their part in that. So
certainly interesting to watch that. It
also comes as the foreign minister
Araghchi has been making a number of
trips to the region. He visited Russia.
He visited Oman and Pakistan as well
really in a bit to I guess shore up
international support for this ongoing
negotiation. And the timing as you say
of this trip is quite interesting. You
know we're just a week away from
President Trump that trip to China to
meet with President Xi. And what we're
hearing so far is President Trump really
downplaying the recent I guess strains
that you're seeing with China because of
this war. Yeah, I mean as usual
President Trump always has pretty warm
words to say about President Xi and this
time he is saying that China has been
pretty respectful to the US with regard
to the Iran war that they have been
quote very good about this.
And so again,
this comes as Marco Rubio also held a
press conference and said that Taiwan is
not going to going to be a major issue.
Have a listen.
Both countries understand that it is
neither one of our interests to see
anything destabilized happen in that
part of the world. We don't need any
destabilizing events to occur with
regards to Taiwan or anywhere in the
Indo-Pacific.
So of course this is coming as US
military assets in the region has been
stretched thin with resources being
moved to the Middle East.
And so it seems like the priority for
Washington is to stabilize things in
Asia and in the Middle East with a pause
to project freedom. And
it's hard to say how much China has a
role to play in this because there are
some economists that says that China
could use the Trump Xi summit summit
itself as leverage to push Washington to
de-escalate things in the Middle East
because we all know that, you know, it
doesn't look good for President Xi to be
meeting Trump when the war is happening
in the background. So perhaps that plays
a a part as well. I mean it's hard to
tell what really shaped the decisions on
the ground there. But certainly Iran is
going to be a major thing on the agenda.
And of course Taiwan also another major
issue especially when Taiwan legislators
are debating the bill for the defense
budget as well. Yeah, that's something
we'll talk about of course today as
well. Minna Minna thank you so much for
all that our China correspondent there.
As you know markets are parsing the news
right now it's really positive that's a
take key takeaway across markets and I
think Samsung is a very good example of
that. Obviously on the back of the AI
build out here some earnings coming
through out of the US and the one
trillion
dollar mark on the valuation has just
been taken out as far as Samsung
is is concerned. The other thing I want
to point out is 14% pop in Samsung is
now we're on track for the best day in
about 18 years. It's interesting that
StanChart this one coming out about I
think an hour or two back from Steve
Bryce global CIO they're now calling
time
on semiconductors. We're now closing our
overweight on Asia ex-Japan and
semiconductors and of course they're
also closing their underweight to a
laggard Europe and they do expect this
broadening out of the rally. How do we
split that information and split the
difference? Mark Cranfield is with us
out of our M Live team in Singapore.
Mark obviously there's a rally that
continues to be chased. Is it too late
to chase a rally at this point is the is
the half other part of that question.
You can certainly understand where where
Steve Bryce is coming from.
As you I mean you as you say, if you're
not involved already, do you want to
step into a rally which has been going
gangbusters for a very long time already
and and valuations are really quite
extraordinary. If you look at the
forward
PE for the Kospi index, it's below 10 I
believe now on a one-year forward PE
basis which makes the assumption that
the extraordinary profits being
generated at the moment will continue
for a very very long time. Well, we know
from history that that doesn't it's not
always the case. And so
there's a lot of
a lot of things are priced into the to
the market already. The other point
about it is that
when at the peak of the war and during
most of the US Iran war, the whole AI
theme was seen as somehow being
protected from the the reality of the
rest of the world. So you can continue
to buy anything related to
semiconductors. The demand for the
hardware is so strong. It doesn't really
matter whether there's oil supplies or
higher bond yields all of those things
you can put to one side because the only
story in town is the AI narrative. Now
if we are getting close to a genuine
peace settlement and that is still some
distance away with
the Iranians haven't said very much
about it as you were discussing earlier.
So they obviously need to come on board.
But let's say we are now getting much
closer to the reopening of Hormuz
and the
back to a new chapter of relative peace
in the Middle East then there are many
many catch-up plays out there in the
global equity market. When you've only
had one theme to chase and you've
ignored almost everything else apart
from defense stocks
then there's time for a lot of
recalibration. And under those
circumstances
people may away say why I've put far too
much into the AI story. Those are very
overpriced. I need to shift money
somewhere else where there's a good
chance of a catch-up now that we have a
different environment.
Yeah, what what where could be that
catch-up? I mean I'm looking at China of
course we've been shut for a few days as
well. But this clearly has not been
some market that has been riding the
coattails of of you know this whole AI
wave in some ways apart from the AI
hardware side in some of the onshore
markets. But Asia's tech continues to be
a laggard for months now. Mark could
that be where the catch-up trade is?
>> [clears throat]
>> Exactly. I mean sometimes it's simply a
question of who was the biggest laggard
and who was the best performer. So if
you look at Asia itself
Korea, Taiwan, certain parts of the
Japanese market have been doing
fantastically. Hong Kong, Chinese tech
have been lagging way behind. Some of
the Southeast Asian markets also
struggling a bit cuz their currencies
have been under pressure.
So on a very simplistic basis
the money in North Asia which has been
doing very well may just shift to the
south and some to Chinese tech as well.
So that rebalancing in itself could be
pretty big and could account for some
very major shifts. If you look at the
the Chinese tech really has been
underperforming since the end of last
year. So there's plenty of potential
room for them to improve if you think
the AI story is pretty much over.
Mark, thank you Mark Cranfield there M
Live strategist joining us out of
Singapore here this morning. Still ahead
as we talked about mainland markets are
set to reopen in just a few minutes
after that May Day holiday. We talked
about the consumption numbers. What is
the strategy moving forward here as
we've been talking to our guests about
China largely being left behind in this
[music] whole North Asia rally. We got
Eva Lee UBS Global Wealth Management
there head of Greater China [music]
Equities joining us to tell us more
about what catalysts there are and the
like AI [music] trade too there in
China. We're counting on the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong
Kong. [music] This is the China Show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. Yeah, but we're
approaching the reopen today of mainland
markets. Long holiday there for 10 to 1%
today. So I think we're we should be
poised to open slightly above half of 1%
looking at mainland markets today.
Reference rate of the day coming up as
well bottom of your screens. Yeah, so
this reopen is going to be interesting.
Yeah, let's bring in Eva Lee head of
Greater China Equities at UBS Global
Wealth Management Chief Investment
Office. We've talked about how China's
been sort of overlooked
this year
amidst this AI wave in North Asia. I
mean how do you expect this this reopen
to shape up? Do you think there's a
catch-up story here?
A little bit. But of course if you look
at yesterday or US market that has
helped. So I think overall we'll say
calmed
because if you look back at China H
the overall the last few days is like up
and down. So it's more like stable. So I
think China A will just continue that.
And of course the focus will continue on
to chips, domestic chips, domestic AI
equipment. You know, these are the play
that will continue to do well. How much
how much questions do you get over that
that it's China X and not the Hang Seng
Tech Index? Loads of questions. How to
get exposure? Because we're talking
about domestic Asia. So international
investors might be a bit difficult to
get exposure to that side. And some of
those are mid-caps. So it's a market
mechanics or is it because there's a
there's just a mindset that those are
too small cuz they're too domestic. The
valuation it's like some of them are 50
times, 100 and 150 times. So how to get
exposure in safely? I think that's
that's the usual questions I have. Yeah.
The deep seek moment of last year. I
mean that certainly was explosive. We
got the deep seek moment of 2026 with
this new model. And it doesn't seem like
we're getting the same amount of fanfare
maybe because it was very widely
telegraphed. But do you see this as
being the next catalyst for the for the
tech ecosystem in China? I think it
continue to be. I think if you look at
the performance itself, now they are
like 10% below the international
models.
But cost-wise it's also 90% or even 80%
cheaper compared to the international
model. So I think at the moment maybe
people like okay, we move on with let's
wait for the another catalyst. But I
think eventually the catch-up story and
the cost competitiveness
will you know sort of outshine you know
the international place. It's just like
EVs. I think I remember the EVs has been
you know oh we had it doing very well.
They're cheap. And now you see the
number of EVs that sold in international
market is actually more than those
manufactured in in in the in the foreign
market. So I think you know that that
will come. But it's just timing.
Well, speaking of timing, I know you
still favor the big internet platforms.
>> That's Is that just hope? Or I mean we
have earnings next week. That's
[laughter] earnings next week, right? So
well, how do you justify a call when
they really haven't participated in the
rally?
I have to say
you know, they're joining the US hyper
scalar Okay.
>> which they have not done too well. I
mean if you look at the international
market a lot of focus is on chips,
memory chips. So the China hyper scalar
also doing something similar and of
course the consumption sorry doesn't
help. We start to see consumption
sentiment coming back.
>> It's improving. Yeah, right. Property
market bottoming out. So all these would
help but may not be after this result
season. Maybe we need to wait for one
more result season for for really like
you know sort of sky search. Okay.
Okay, we'll have more of course with
with with Eva Li she'll be rejoining us
in a couple of minutes here to parse out
further ideas here.
As pertains to the market. Okay, the
opening bell is about 7 minutes and 30
seconds away give or take here. Hang
Seng index in the early goings half of
1% to the upside.
Yeah, we have a 50-year bond auction by
the way today
in a mainland. Lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. So half of 1% to
the upside on the Hang Seng index.
I mean nothing really compared to what
we're seeing in Korea but that's a
different scale.
And a different story but yes, we are
looking at gains across these boards
right now and a lot of catch up trades.
Yeah. To tell you about plus of course a
lot of earnings. This could be a catch
down one when it comes to Wuliangye. So
we've been seeing analysts really
slashing their outlooks on the company
now after they had to restate their
earnings for the first 9 months of 2025.
So the financials was significantly
lowered for revenue as well as for
profit here. So you have likes of
Goldman. I think that's a double a
downgrade their stock to a sell from a
buy. You have Bernstein kind of rate to
underperform and city opening that
30-day negative view on earnings risk
and they're saying this does brings up
concerns about reporting consistency as
well for the company. And might it
actually lead to the rest of the liquor
makers to fall today? That could be a
big question. We'll see how things fare.
And when it comes to stocks to watch,
HSBC is certainly the big one here.
Yesterday we saw that drop of 5% on the
back of their earnings. There was of
course that collapse
the MFS implosion here. The collapse of
the UK mortgage lender that was an
unexpected charge. And then you had that
300 million increase in allowances as
tied to of course them you know I guess
you know keeping a little bit of money
safe here in this global economic
outlook following the onset of the
provisions of what's going on in the
Middle East. So the stock recovered just
a bit. But but certainly we'll see if
that that sticks here today. New World
we're getting some some news there when
it comes to just overall. They're
weighing a sale of a stake in in its 2
billion dollar hotel portfolio. Yeah, no
no movement just yet here for the stock.
But here's what we're seeing when it
comes to of course what we're looking
at. I mean the reopen of China certainly
is a big one here today. CSI 300 up 1%
in the early goings. China is up even
even further there. So we'll have a look
at the open the reopen coming up. Next
this is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. So some very encouraging
news on the war front [music]
today. So that's really boosting risk
assets.
It's also [music] 13 seems to be a lucky
number today. So Samsung has become the
13th company globally [music] to enter
the trillion dollar club.
Hong Kong growth at 5.9% I believe makes
[music] Hong Kong the 13th fastest
growing economy.
>> Wow. It's going like an EM. 12 or 13.
Lucky number 13 you're just like Taylor
Swift.
It's interesting right? That
There are seems to be some good sort of
[music] good news here. You add the
whole kind of semiconductor sort of
trade that continues to fire [music]
on all cylinders particularly when it
comes to Samsung here joining that 1
trillion dollar club. And and you know
really following the likes of TSMC and
that there's enough there for your
reopen in China today. So after being
shut for several days here you go you're
seeing that catch up story play out here
on onshore market CSI 300 is up 1% but
is still the chip space the hardware
space and the AI trade there in China X.
There you go we are firing 2% to the
upside there and when it comes to
Shenzhen. And we're still watching when
it comes to Shanghai crude there you go.
So we are following Brent markets and
WTI markets lower here this morning on
the back of what we heard from you know
them trying to put a hold on this whole
project freedom and then operation epic
fury according to Marco Rubio is over.
So that in terms of the geopolitics and
the temperature has been lowered in some
ways but we've seen false dawns like
this before. But there you go look at
Capricorn tech. So chips definitely
getting a massive their bid there. We're
up 5% for that company. Kweichow Moutai
interesting could be because of the
Wuliangye story you're seeing a little
bit of
a fall out there as well. But CATL there
you go continues to be an up arrow story
there. Consumption though is getting hit
here today. That's despite some pretty
decent numbers that we got when it comes
to consumption and some of the travel
patterns that we saw during the May Day
holiday. But Midea group there you go is
down 2%. So it's tech over consumption
here today in terms of that trade.
Here's how Hong Kong is faring here.
We're pretty flat when it comes to the
benchmark. We're just around that 26,000
level. HS tech is also not doing a whole
lot here. We're treading water but it's
kind of a push and pull between what
you're seeing. But Tencent seems to be
leading the charge lower. We're down
about 1.4%.
We're still watching HSBC recovering a
little bit that stock after the the
results did disappoint yesterday when it
came to that unexpected charge when it
came to MFS. And then you have of course
the increase in allowances when it comes
to what they're dealing with in the
Middle East and so certainly that story
continues here today but we're
stabilizing a bit when it comes to the
stock.
Yeah, property continues to do very
well. Look at Hang Seng property we're
up 1% perhaps on the back of those first
quarter GDP numbers. The fastest pace of
growth we've seen in Hong Kong in 5
years Dave. Let's take a look at the
chips trade domestically in China here
of course as mainland markets reopen and
there you go. These are some of the
eight shares that we're seeing. But yes,
they're following the likes of TSMC
following the likes of Samsung and of
course on the back of those AMD results
in the US as well. There you go 4 to 5%
gains for Hua Hong as well as SMIC this
morning. Okay, brief look at we talked
about Moutai there. I think Wuliangye's
coming up as well. I think the other
stock too among the three is there we go
bottom of the screen. So we're down six
and Wuliangye we're down about four
on the third
booze maker there Luzhou Laojiao.
Yeah, cheers to cheers to the downgrade.
Thank you so much to the brokerage space
for that. Still with us here in set for
some final thoughts on these markets Eva
Li head of greater China equities at UBS
Global Wealth Management Chief
Investment Officer. That's a mouthful
every time I say it.
>> [laughter]
>> The it's it's hard to get excited over
insurance but you've made it slightly
excited over insurance. Why do we need
to be excited over insurance? The first
quarter results tells you so. The NBV of
one of the biggest companies up 17%. So
it's a very good evidence telling you
that people moving a small part small
part of the maturing deposit into
investment. So the first destinations
tend to be insurance because it's safer.
And we're talking about
well some banks are talking about 30% of
these mature deposit putting into work.
We are putting in 10% as our
expectation. 10% already is a big number
that could revive or help to support the
the momentum particularly on China H and
select stocks in China H. So so beyond
just maybe AI you're looking at
insurance. What other sort of sectors
you think could still be pretty
favorable this year? Power equipment. I
think
I mean it's an extension of what US has
been experiencing as well. And for China
story it's apart from domestic you know
demand. More importantly they are
breaking into the international market.
There was one company announced
yesterday they received orders from
Canada. So I think these type of story
would help to support
earnings and margins because this is
sort of like EVs. They get better
margins from international market versus
domestic market. What about and I know
you cover mainly mainly equities but
there's a there's a view out there that
inflation is starting to come back and
rates are moving up. Do you have any
opportunities in the fixed income space?
Are people too hawkish over over over
mainland China right now when you look
at the
>> bit too hawkish. We are still expecting
a rate cut of two rate cuts but more
into the fourth quarter this year. I
understand the situation now it's tough
to expect that but I think it's more
like once you you know get a settlement
or certainty on what's happening in the
Middle East side we probably would move
on and look at you know the
economy in in US and that is a scenario
we think we have an environment to have
rate cut. And as a result then we
probably would have a good opportunity
or potential for the yield to do better
and as a result the bonds would do
better. Okay.
Some are saying this Trump Xi talk next
week could be the next catalyst to
watch. What what sort of breakthroughs
if any are you expecting this time
around? I'm actually not expecting a
breakthrough but in fact more of a
no escalation on anything. More of a
extensions and I think they are doing a
review on the trade 301. I think I saw
the news this morning.
>> about that again. Okay. so, you know, as
long as we have a further extension,
stabilizations, you know, staying status
quo, I think that's the best thing we
can get from, you know, the the meeting.
Can I ask you about Hong Kong
specifically? Hong Kong-oriented exposed
um investment strategies. I mean, the
economy's doing well. Um is there are
there anything Is there anything I
should be looking at there? In fact, if
you look at the breakdown of Hong Kong
GDP doing well, a lot of it is relating
to our export on AI-related equipment.
So, there are stocks that are doing, you
know, this, which I cannot mention. But,
I think that exposure and also some of
the industrial that are exposed to um
export side, they will also do well. And
plus, if we expect US economy underlying
is actually very strong, any companies
exposed to that will also be better. On
top of that, of course, the banks, uh
Hong Kong bank in general is still um
giving you good yields, and utilities,
and also there is one area that actually
have been underperforming, the Macau
gaming.
>> Yeah. And in fact, if we have more of
the domestic tourism doing better, the
Macau gaming also should be better, too.
Okay. Eva, thank you. Eva Li there, head
of Greater China Equities at UBS Global
Wealth Management Chief Investment
Officer. As we talked about, right? Hong
Kong is is coming back in a big way,
Dave. You're you're watching things very
closely, these numbers. Yeah, in fact,
I'm glad Eva brought that up, right? So,
when you look at the obviously blowout
6% growth is something you don't
normally see, not just for Hong Kong,
right? For a developed economy. So, it's
almost growing like an EM, and I'll talk
more about it in a moment. Most of the
major pillars of the economy are firing
quite substantially. Household
spending's up 5%. You have government
spending, you have investment 20% to the
upside. What is not here, I can also
tell you about the uh export component,
which uh Eva just mentioned there, as
well. Uh 25, 26% growth in export of
goods. And this AI story uh is showing
up in in in a big way when you look at
some of the shipments out of Hong Kong.
So, all of that is really contributing
to what that you got right there. So,
this one in context. So, [snorts] we've
we track about 130
economies across the world. Uh and we
talked about that massive blowout number
coming out of Taiwan just earlier this
week, right? So, Hong Kong, that 5.9%
growth clip is actually enough to put
Hong Kong in the top gear, 90th
percentile, right? So, it's growing like
not just an EM, it's growing like a
booming emerging market uh economy. So,
and this is really playing out not just
in the economic numbers, but also in
markets, Yvonne.
And it just goes to show, right? That
that these economies, you know, yes,
we're still dealing with this energy
shock, but there is a bit of resilience
here here in how they are weathering uh
this Iran situation, right? And and
certainly, we're not just seeing that in
the data. Oh. That was a quick zoom.
But, look at the stock market, as well.
I know the stock market doesn't show the
economy, but certainly you are seeing
when it comes to MSCI Hong Kong versus
MSCI China, there is a clear
outperformer here. Of course, the blue
being MSCI Hong Kong has very much in
some ways surpassed what we saw uh when
it comes to mainland markets. Well, you
added the the the economic numbers are
favorable. You talk about what really
has outperformed. We talked about it's
not it hasn't been the tech space. It
hasn't been these internet platform
companies. Um but, it really is some of
the Hong Kong domestic listed or
domestic sort of focused stocks like
property, for example. Where you start
to see signs of just not just the
residential sector, but even beyond
that. Um Morgan Stanley, I believe this
week was just saying you're seeing signs
of this, you know, even commercial side
of things looking a little bit better.
And then you have things like HSBC and
some of these banks, as well, that are
also doing quite well. Uh insurance, as
Eva has mentioned, could be another
bright spot potentially here. So, uh
it's not just the economy, but even the
stocks itself uh here in Hong Kong that
is weathering uh all these external
factors that are coming from the Iran
war. We'll have much more coming up on
the Hong Kong story next. Keep it here.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. We're about 11 minutes
into the reopen of mainland markets
[music] after about um a an extended
weekend, and as you can see, so the CSI
300's up 1%, not bad. Uh but, it's
really in the uh more tech-centric
uh benchmarks uh that you're seeing the
gains here. So, 2 and 1/2% on Chinext
and the Star 50
uh we're up now 7% on that. So, really a
lot of momentum continues. Like, what
what long weekend? Like, that's a
continuation of what we've seen in
recent weeks.
>> Sounds like it was a good weekend. So,
it was a good break to come back and and
and be along these markets. Uh also,
we're starting to get some good data
from when it comes to the May Day
holiday that just wrapped up in China.
The Ministry of Transport is estimating
over 1 and 1/2 billion passenger trips
were logged during that 5-day holiday.
Well, interregional passenger trips
probably rose around 4% from the same
period last year. Meanwhile, the box
office that raked in about 755 million
RMB for the holiday, which is still well
below the 1 and 1/2 billion we saw back
in 2024. So, yeah, you
to see how things are looking, let's
bring in our Bloomberg Intelligence
Senior Consumer and Tech Analyst
Catherine Lim. Uh Catherine, I'm sure
you've been parsing through some of
these numbers. What stood out to you?
What what looked good, what looked not
so good?
Well, do you know what? I think it's
kind of like mixed. I don't think it's
new that, you know, there's going to be
um a lot more of the domestic tourism.
We've seen um some of the revenues, the
receipts related to this
um going up um do you know, in a
positive territory.
Um but, you know, it is a 5-day holiday
itself. Um was there anything that
really, you know, um took me by surprise
and especially on the positive side? I
have to admit, not at this point in
time. Um a couple of things to actually
note that, you know, I wasn't expecting
anything um do you know, death-defying,
I would say, from retail sales,
particularly since, you know, we will be
stepping into the 618 shopping festival.
And if you recall, that's the mid-year
shopping festival in China. That pretty
much starts, I would say, um today,
depending on which platform that you're
talking about. But, Alibaba, for
instance, will be starting theirs um on
May 20th. So, do you know, more buying
to come, I guess, in the next couple of
weeks, but not exactly now.
Catherine, uh can I also ask you about
Lululemon? So, obviously, the shares
have not been doing too well uh of late,
and I think you have this new this
changing of the guard in terms of the
leadership there. I know you guys have
been looking at that specific story,
especially the the their exposure to
China, where really competition is it is
quite fierce. So, what is that growth
story for Lululemon in China?
Right. Um do you know, definitely, I
would say the sportswear sector still
remains one of the more resilient sector
if you look from a more macro policy
perspective and some of the structural
um changes that's going on um do you
know, within um China. Um do you know,
we still continue to like the sportswear
sector, except as David, you've actually
highlighted, it's getting more
competitive itself. And for Lululemon
to, you know, continue to want to price
its products at the higher end of
things, it really has to have a fairly
foolproof formula, which took a little
bit of a shaking recently from
controversies over, do you know, the
PFAS um do you know, um
I guess probe that was going on in US
that um do you know, took um Chinese
netizens' attention on social media. And
something that we are trying to actually
ascertain um as we go into the um
summer, as well, um to see whether the
controversial the controversy itself has
actually affected the company's and the
label's ability to actually hold back on
discounts, which he has done an amazing
job year-to-date in China. And then
going forward, we'll have to actually
see whether sales continues to be very
robust in the north of 20.
Catherine, thank you. Catherine Lim in
in Singapore for us, our Bloomberg
Intelligence Senior Consumer and Tech
Tech Analyst there. Uh just in some
numbers coming through, economic
numbers, this is the soft numbers here,
survey rating dog China April services
coming in at 52
uh 0.6, and that's clearly an
improvement from the 52.1 in the prior
month. The composite's also coming in at
53 uh 0.1, also uh an improvement from
uh from the previous. So, more of these
green shoots are starting to to show up.
>> Yeah, the stars are starting to align a
bit more, not just when it comes to the
data you're seeing when it comes to
China, but as we were talking about in
Hong Kong, right? The economy defying a
global energy crisis to post its fastest
growth in nearly 5 years. Let's bring in
Nectar Gan, China Economy and Government
Reporter joining us.
Uh uh what's driving the growth here?
>> Right, Eva. I just wanted to add a
little bit of context on the number
here. This comes as a big surprise
because they actually exceeded all
forecasts by um you know, economists uh
surveyed by Bloomberg. What the median
was at 3.5%, and interestingly, as you
mentioned, mainland China, um this is
actually the first time in 20 years that
Hong Kong's quarterly GDP surpassed
China's outside of the pandemic, which
we saw a lot of disruption. So, this is
pretty big deal. And um what's been
driving um there are mainly two factors.
We're seeing a huge boost in investment.
That's about um 18% increase year on
year compared with, you know, uh the
same period last year. So, a lot of it
is also um the restocking of the
inventories, uh right? Like, companies
uh because of the AI boom, right? Uh has
driven a lot of demand for AI related
electronics and equipment and because of
the Iran war, right? We see a lot of
sort of stockpiling activities by
companies. And at the same time, there
there's also this 5% increase in private
consumption within Hong Kong. So we're
seeing, you know, this so-called wealth
effect because the property market has
finally kind of turned a corner after,
you know, years of prolonged downturn.
The stock market is doing well. So like
consumers' confidence is increasing.
Right? So we're seeing people more
willing to spend. And so the Hong Kong
government also sort of emphasized this
strength in exports that we've seen in
the first quarter. But what it didn't
mention is also we've actually seen
imports outpace exports.
So if for the first quarter, imports
increased by nearly 30% and we saw last
month Hong Kong's trade deficit
reaching its highest on record. That's
all the way dating back like 70
something years. So that actually
subtracted about 9 percentage point from
the headline GDP growth according to
Goldman Sachs
calculations. So everything went well.
Almost almost everything went well. Can
can can the momentum continue? What's
the outlook from here on? Right. The
government is pretty positive. It says
that, you know, this AI boom's going to
continue and Hong Kong is seeing a lot
more arrivals of tourists. You know, we
saw about like 16% increase year on year
in the first quarter and the
cross-border financial activity is
still, you know, very bullish. But at
the same time, you know, it also come
with risks, right? Hong Kong obviously
imports all of its energy. So it is very
vulnerable to the historic oil shock
triggered by the Iran war and the
stockpiling inventory could be, you
know, temporary. And you know, if the
war if the conflict drags on, it could
have impact on global interest rate and
you know, that that will raise questions
about Hong Kong's own sort of property
recovery. So yeah, it is a rosy outlook,
but it comes with also downside risks.
Yeah, and I think the PMI which came out
about an hour back was already quite on
the softer side and that was for for for
April, of course. Nectar, thank you so
much. Nectar gone there our China
economy and government
reporter there.
Okay, if you can get more in the Hong
Kong story, in fact, we have the
the newsletter. Actually, I believe it's
tomorrow. Sorry. Okay. Am I losing track
of time? Comes out every Thursday. Scan
the QR codes on your screens, of course,
to subscribe to that. It's free.
So in case cost is [music] rather
elastic for you at the moment, don't
worry about that component. Check it
out, of course. Look I'll look at
markets before we take a short break.
Lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
In the world news this morning, sources
tell Bloomberg that officials in Abu
Dhabi have held talks on [music]
creating a new defense focused
investment vehicle. We're told it could
aim to centralize efforts to build
stakes in global defense manufacturers
[music] and expand domestic production.
The UAE is looking to strengthen its
military [music] capabilities after
coming under attack in the Iran war.
The Securities and Exchange Commission
[music] has released a proposal to allow
US companies to report earnings
semi-annually instead of quarterly. The
move could potentially reduce how much
information [music] publicly traded
firms must share with investors. CEO SEC
Chairman, meanwhile, Paul Atkins has
promised [music] to fast-track the plan
which President Trump first floated last
year.
Right. So as we look at markets and
where we are, we're back to records here
after that wobble that we had on
Tuesday and of course you have a couple
of markets coming back online today like
South Korea and it was so somewhat of a
catch-up, but even if you consider and
discount the catch-up, this is still
quite a fantastic day in the equity
markets. They're 6% now on the Kospi
index. Nikkei is closed, so futures are
still trading though. I believe these
are the ones in Osaka
up about 3%. Are these Singapore?
Anyway,
still trading is is the point we want to
make. The real fun is well here across
mainland China and of course the
iterations there on AI and hardware and
small caps and tech and the intersection
between all those things and as you can
see, substantial gains
on the STAR 50 today. In fact, even
better than what we're seeing over in
South Korea.
This broad tech rally is is really
showing up in this really and continuing
to show up in this pocket of the equity
market. Yeah, I think you know, what
what you're seeing when it comes to
semiconductor space is certainly that's
helping this whole AI hardware trade
once again at a time when we are seeing
AMD and even the earning side of things
is actually delivering, too. So
certainly that's helping this whole
story. Then you add what's going on in
the Iran situation and I think that the
fact that the White House is, you know,
putting a lot of effort and and time and
and downplaying this recent flare-up
when it comes to fire that exchange
between the US and Iran and saying,
"Look, the ceasefire is is still holds
right now." And they're really hoping
for peace talks, right? Does that lead
to the potential reopening of the Strait
of Hormuz? Obviously, those are still
lingering questions, but at least the
the tone has been positive from the US
side of things. Absolutely. And I think
the big
the big development here in case you
missed that, one-liner statement coming
out of I believe the Chinese side
yesterday was the Iranian foreign
minister is actually now he's headed if
not in Beijing already, but he is of
course scheduled to be in Beijing today.
It's something to watch, of course, and
we'll see what
those dialogues
bear fruits and what really comes off
those conversations. And of course, this
comes ahead of this time next week. The
big meeting between the two presidents,
President Xi and President [music]
Trump.
Crude is coming off a little bit 2%
indicative really of this risk rally
we're seeing across markets
this Wednesday. [music] Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the CSI 300 [music]
after coming back from that long holiday
and there you go. It looks like people
are in a good mood. Right right now
we're seeing upside about 1 and 1/2% for
your onshore market there and yeah,
really following the trend and really
catching up to what we're seeing for the
rest of the region here today. Yes, the
semis continue to be on fire. You see
what it comes to the Kospi, but really
it's not just the CSI 300. We're looking
at the other gauges as well within
onshore markets that are actually doing
better than Shanghai right now. Could
not have a more perfect name than the
STAR 50. There we go. We're up 8.6.
Volumes are about almost 100% heavier
than what we're used to seeing about 30
minutes into the session here. China's
index is also at session highs, 3%. I
think some of the decliners, which we'll
get to later on, some of the liquor
makers, of course, are heavily weighted.
Reason I bring that up is because
despite the weakness there, we're still
seeing gains off the short across the
region. Japan is still shut today. Kospi
is reopening up. Taiwan, of course, we
talked about that and we're back to
records on the MSCI Asia Pacific. Kospi
is up 6% now and I think Samsung, last
we checked, is up something like 12%.
Something crazy. Something crazy like
that. Best day so far going back to
2008. Chip stocks, as you were just
talking about there, 12%. Thank you so
much. SK Hynix, MediaTek, which has been
on an absolute tear. And for once, TSMC
is not joining
this rally we're seeing today, although
it's still up about half of 1%.
>> MediaTek has been almost limit up for a
third day third day now. Record moves
really there for that company. So
certainly you're still seeing the Taiwan
supply chain do quite well
here. The double-digit gains when it
comes to SK Hynix as well as Samsung.
That certainly is still stealing the
spotlight here today. But yeah, it
really puts Samsung in a very elite
club, right? They they're finally
joining in on this $1 trillion market
cap. Really joining the likes of TSMC,
the second largest when it comes to
Asia. You said 13th global, right? Yeah,
so there you go. Making the ranks there
when it comes to Samsung. Yes, I I think
I got to thank AMD for that as well just
given the results that we said that they
got that blockbuster forecast that came
through from AMD. Yeah, here we go. So
we have Nvidia. It's What's interesting
is that I think Alphabet might actually
is closing in on Nvidia. That's another
thing we need to keep an eye on as well,
right? To become the biggest company.
Then of course, Apple had a substantial
gain this week and of course, you have
the rest of your mag
your your your your mag seven there.
Tesla's in, Meta and of course, Aramco,
Broadcom, Walmart is a trillion and of
course, Berkshire which reported on the
weekend and Samsung and TSMC, as you can
see, are now part of this elite club of
13, lucky number 13 here.
Now, let's bring in our Bloomberg MLIV
strategist, Steve Suttmeier, on what
he's watching out for here today. I
mean, how long can this whole semi trade
go, really? Yeah, I mean, everything
that could have gone right has basically
gone right, particularly for Asia's
hardware giants, right? And and coming
into today, we knew it was going to be a
good day given the lead-in from the US
semiconductor stocks.
Stocks index is up 4%. And then of
course, we got the news from Trump and
that really, you know, hit oil futures
and, you know, probably has helped
Chinese stocks, mainland stocks quite a
bit.
But that's certainly given it an upward
lift really across Asian equities. Is
the dollar done now?
How do we look at the dollar now? What's
the macro implication?
>> what's what's interesting about the
dollar is it really just is another
added lift if we look at, you know, risk
sentiment in the region, right? So, the
the problem in March was we were seeing
stronger dollar, you know, on on the
back of higher oil, which was really
compounding the inflation pressure,
right? Which was really making a I
real difficult um policy dilemma here in
and in North Asia as well. With the
dollar coming off, that takes a little
bit um of the pressure off
uh and and we're particularly seeing
that in North Asia, right? So, the South
Korean won is doing very well today. Uh
and that helps a lot um when it comes
to, you know, thinking about financial
conditions. Um but I think it's also
reflective of of the environment. We're
seeing really a lot of foreign buying in
the region, um particularly South Korean
and Taiwanese stocks and and I think the
gains today will probably, you know,
boost that even further. Any risk to be
paying attention to when it's risk is
not obvious today? Yeah, I mean I mean
today I I I think, you know, colleague
Mark Cranfield already noted, you know,
concentration risk is going to be uh
continue to be talked about but but
isn't something to probably look to
today. Okay. Um you know, again, I think
the risk, of course, is, you know, what
does the Iranian side say about this? I
think a real added boost, particularly
look at the mainland uh share indexes
have been sort of this peace dividend,
you know, are we getting closer to the
Strait of Hormuz reopening? We haven't
heard the same type of rhetoric from the
Iranian side yet. So, if if that kind of
hits at that optimism and we see oil
futures um you know, start to move
higher again, uh that could hit
sentiment uh quite a bit. It probably
doesn't take tech, but in terms of
broadening this rally beyond tech, uh
that would certainly impact things.
Fantastic, David. Thank you so much.
David Savage there out of our M Live
team. Korea defense stocks really on the
back of what David was talking about,
this peace dividend,
uh on the down today, uh really amidst
this hope that we are really nearing the
end of this war tunnel there. Uh
declines there across uh Seoul today.
>> It was an interesting take from Steve
Brice, right from StanChart, that that
you saw within on LinkedIn.
>> It was on LinkedIn, yes.
>> Where he basically said, "Look, it's
it's time to close that overweight run
comes to Asia ex-Japan and the semis
here because when you have concentration
risk, as as David mentioned, it's so
narrow, normally it doesn't lead to
market correction per se, but it really
it's more about broadening this rally.
So, maybe they're looking at elsewhere
now. Maybe there are other places to
that rotate to, go to some of the
laggards. Maybe it's China, which is
what we're seeing a little bit of that
here today. But certainly maybe it's
called a time to call time basically on
this trade. Yeah, to don't be too
narrowly focused on just a
handful
of things. Okay, let's let's, you know,
let's get into the Iran story here. As a
President Trump is is actually pausing
this this US-led effort here to help
strategies
exit the Strait of Hormuz to see if an
agreement then with Iran to end the war
can be finalized. Now, White House
officials earlier said that offensive
operations in the war were over.
The operation is over. Epic Fury is
President notified Congress, we're done
with that stage of it. Okay, we're now
on to this project of freedom. As far as
a negotiation is concerned, I think the
president's been clear that part of the
negotiation process has to be not just
the enrichment, but what happens to this
material that's buried deep somewhere
that they have still have access to if
they ever wanted to dig it out. That has
to be addressed.
Meanwhile, Iran's Foreign Minister Abbas
Araghchi is traveling to Beijing today
for his first visit to China since the
war began. And that's just over a week
ahead of President Trump's scheduled
meeting with his Chinese counterpart Xi
Jinping. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Min Lo. I I I heard that,
you know, this kind of came through very
last minute or what we're we're hearing
about it. What do we know so far about
this trip? Yeah, we only found out about
it last night when the statement came
through from the Chinese side, from the
Iranian side on the on their Telegram
channel as well, but it was a one-liner
statement uh saying that uh Araghchi is
traveling to China to meet with the
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi to
discuss international development. And
this comes uh
you know, soon after or I would say soon
after that that announcement, the US
then announced they're putting a pause
on Project Freedom and that putting an
end to this offensive operation in Iran.
Suddenly a lot of relief coming through
in markets, but also it seems to be a
flurry of diplomatic activity that is
happening, right? Just ahead of Trump's
visit to China, Araghchi traveling to
China now as well. It is in some ways a
perfect opportunity here to brief China
of what they would want out of a
political solution uh to the end of this
war. And China so far has not officially
come out to say that they want to play a
stronger role in mediating the conflict,
but certainly in the last ceasefire that
was brokered by Pakistan, we have
Iranian officials crediting the Chinese
for playing a role in securing that
deal. And President Trump also
acknowledging the Chinese role in that
ceasefire deal as well. So, potentially
maybe there is a role for President Xi
and China to play here again. We do have
some breaking news right now. There we
go. That the Foreign Minister China's
Wang Yi has meet is meeting the Foreign
Minister there as Min was pointing out
in Beijing. Now, how does this set us up
ahead of next week as you're pointing
out, the big meeting this time next week
and there
the US President is downplaying these
the strains these strains that were
perhaps being overplayed? Yeah, so
President Trump says that China has been
very respectful, that they have not
challenged the US when it comes to Iran.
This comes after the US had placed
sanctions on these Chinese oil
refineries and there are concerns,
right, whether there would be secondary
sanctions on Chinese banks, for example,
but our economists think that that's not
a very real possibility just given the
concerns around the implications on
global financial stability. But of
course, there are there many ways this
could go and it seems like the signs
from President Trump is that they want
to keep things on the rails here,
particularly with Taiwan on the agenda
as well. Marco Rubio mentioned that
specifically when he spoke to reporters
saying that neither side wants to see
Taiwan being a destabilizing force in
the region. And of course, this is
important because US assets, military
assets in the region have been shifted
to the Middle East. So, their resources
in Asia is a little bit thin now. Um
could this be a time for China to push
the US to maybe change their stance on
Taiwan? I mean, hard to say. It's
probably going to be the status quo, but
of course, Iran, Taiwan going to be top
of the agenda. And of course, those
ongoing trade issues as well. And
they're going to be discussing, of
course, that defense budget in Taiwan uh
later on today, too. Min Min Lo, our
China correspondent, on all things, of
course, of China and and what we have
seen and now confirmed that Wang Yi is
now meeting with the Iran Foreign
Minister in Beijing right now. Coming
up, you'll hear why our next guest says
that when it comes to this monetary
policy cycle here in Asia, perhaps we
bottomed out for now. More in a moment
with Jason Pang from JP [music] Morgan
Asset Management fixed income portfolio
manager. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> The dollar is [music] down today as when
you look at Oh, okay. Why don't we look
at this first? Why not? [music] Okay, so
oil is down today and I think that goes
into really where you are as far as risk
appetite is concerned. US futures are up
3/10 of 1%. This risk uh very good risk
proxy, a proxy of risk appetite. Aussie
yen on your screen is also seeing uh
substantial upside here. Uh the FX story
is down, the dollar Can we bring that
up, please, if we can? Thank you. Uh
Bloomberg Dollar Index down a third of
1% uh and of course, the Korean won is
leading the charge as far as EM is EM FX
assets is concerned here. Yeah, so at
least that's helping um this dollar
softness across the board when it comes
to this part of the world here today.
You're seeing some strength cross
through where the renminbi were at back
to around 681 levels as well. Taiwan
dollar, Korean won is also doing and and
outperforming here today. Um but really
this is against the backdrop of what
we've been seeing from central banks,
where where where you have them seeing a
shift that's tilted a little bit more
hawkish, right? When we saw the RBI
yesterday, right? So, third straight
hike. Um but they did kind of say that
maybe it's time to hold
um given just some of the policy risks
involved when it comes to the potential
growth impact this could have. South
Korea, that they were a bit more hawkish
in the last meeting. Indonesia has also
stepped up when it comes to their FX
defenses and what they can do with
further rupiah. We talked about the yen
intervention. And of course, Philippines
there after that nasty print that we saw
in inflation just a few days ago, they
said, "Ready to act as needed." Let's
bring in Jason Pang, Asia fixed income
portfolio manager at JP Morgan Asset
Management.
You're saying that things may have
bottomed in terms of the easing cycle
here in the region, but how do you think
central banks are still going to respond
to, of course, this energy shock? Sure.
So, I think last time we talked about
the bottoming out. This excluded the
energy shock, but I think the the
surprise prints that we saw on the
Philippines CPI, I think reinforces
perhaps a a more trending dynamic for
the coming quarters for this region.
Mhm. Uh in the sense that first of all,
there's a lot of unknown still on the
geopolitics of the Strait of Hormuz, but
but let's say that higher oil for longer
will translate into sort of a more
hawkish bias within the region. So, you
know, not only BSP coming with a
surprise hike, but BOK has been a bit
more hawkish as well. So, I think the
comments surrounding this will probably
be um incrementally moving into higher
interest rates. And then that's
predicated on the assumption that oil
remains sort of 80 plus is our thinking.
Mhm. So, what exposure specifically on
Southeast Asia is is warranted at this
point in time from from from your
perspective?
>> Sure. So, I think we have been long
advocating that um Malaysia um local
remains a sort of good exposure for
investors. And because it has a natural
hedge, not only from a oil perspective,
but I don't know if you've seen the
electronic exports. Mhm. It's basically
been rampant over there and parabolic.
So, I think in that context, we do think
that, you know, if you wanted to plus
play a sort of hardware-related or
AI-related trade, you know, this country
to us from a beta perspective certainly
makes a lot of sense. Um likewise then,
as you know, we've been paid on Malaysia
rates because we do think the economic
profile is comparatively more robust.
and I think in both cases Malaysia
ringgit has done well over the past few
quarters.
Uh same for the Malaysian rates.
How how do you look at credit spreads
because I think I G in Asia I mean it's
record lows right now. Do you think
that's a sign of fundamentals are strong
still or or is there a bit of
complacency there?
I I'd probably say that at this juncture
at least for us
relative to the valuations we do agree
that spreads do come across a bit tight.
This probably is due to the sort of you
know lack of investment options. If you
would do want to invest into the Asian
credit side.
So yeah, I think for us then at the
margin we've been more taking profits on
the spread product and sort of rotating
that into some other
you know convertibles or other
higher yielding opportunities in the
frontier space.
But that that's does that remain the
case you think over the next let's call
I was going to say six months but you
know let's call it the rest of the year.
Do can we expect spreads to remain range
bound at worst tight at best? I think
spreads will probably be remain quite
stable although I'd probably say that if
oil does you know go materially higher
to maybe 120 to 150 then we might see a
mini episode of what we saw during the
initial phases of the US Iran situation.
Okay. Um
We talked about FX currencies
it seems like we've seen some
intervention from some of the central
banks but most of Southeast Asia have
been quite vulnerable and have been
really hit by this energy shock here.
What are some of the bright spots still
in the EM FX space right now? So I think
within the EM perspective people have
been more you know underweight the Asia
high yield FX and overweight Latam FX. I
think that trade has been proving to be
quite profitable for the EM investor
base.
For us then you know I wouldn't disagree
with it but I would also say that
you know there's increasing optionality
in my perspective where oil higher oil
for longer is being priced into many
curves within you know Indonesia, India
and Philippines the 10 year bonds in
most cases are you know getting close or
even above 7% in some cases and the
currencies are cheap. So I think what I
would say is we do see very good value
creation and we should be ready for a
potential reversal in case oil goes back
to 80 or something lower than that.
>> What's what's the trigger for that? So
it can be the escalation right?
Certainly we've seen a sort of on and
off switch between this whole escalation
or not.
But I think at the same time you know I
think markets already priced for this
higher for longer already. So if
anything then you get any resolutions
then I think that's a price factor can
lead to very good capture. And do you
think that's already
7% local rates in that's already baked
in? It's already priced in you know 50
to 75 pips hikes across most of the
region. So I think you know if it's
priced for hikes we should be thinking
if it's overpriced for maybe 100 to 125
then we should actually buy more into
the value creation.
Um RMB has been quite stable. Can it can
it stay stable stable in the face of all
this volatility that we're seeing? So I
think the market carries high degrees of
confidence on the strategic reserves on
the oil side. So I think that's why it
doesn't have the disproportionate impact
that we see in some other countries.
And indeed the CNY fixings have been
very stable. So I think our impression
or view still remains that you know
there's US China potential trade talks
or other talks in mid-May right? If
that's true then we our expectation is
RMB will remain stable. So we do think
that's a very valid anchor within the
region from my FX perspective. How else
do I play that that the trade talks next
week apart from apart from RMB? So the
way that we've done it is as you know
we've seen a rampant rally in in Kospi
and some other stock exchanges but I
think the the Hang Seng remains
relatively attractive. So we've actually
had some good convertible bond
opportunities there where you know we
can get sort of like a 1 to 5% yield
depending on name and that allows us to
capture potential upside if there's any
you know positives that come out from
this talk. You mentioned about how Korea
how Taiwan is is doing right now and and
you're not really you know you can get
it exposure the equity space in the
whole AI trade. How does a fixed income
you know expert like yourself get
exposure to this sort of AI sort of
story? Can you? We actually have been
engaging in this for the past two and a
half years already using convertible
bonds.
So there are certain Korean or Taiwanese
semi-related type of names that are
available and we sort of bought them at
a much lower level previously and we
used our high yield risk budget to sort
of substitute for this. So I think that
the message is of course you know we
were participating not in the same
degrees of equity but certainly but
certainly versus you know high yield
bonds you know we think that there's a
very valid position for us to have some
of this in the book. What what has
surprised me so far and I think we
talked about very tight spreads already
is that oil at 100 bucks for three
months now hasn't showed up in I don't
know just lower quality credit for
example. What what why do you think that
is and do you think that's a that's
about to come?
Um it will if it is about to come then
the scenario that we would foresee is
indeed that 140 to 150 oil shock that we
come through. Or they're telling me that
you know this gets drawn for another six
months. That is when I think the pain
will start to come through. So we are
seeing for example the recent surprise
like that is starting to feed into sort
of some of the asset pricing right on
the local rates and FX. Usually those
are the leader signals right? And I
think credit would be in this case a
lagging signal. So that's why for us at
least you know we've been incrementally
you know taking profits on the tightness
of some of these very tight sovereign
spreads or IG spreads
and that sort of is a sort of just in
case scenario that we do hit into a much
higher for longer. We did talk about
Hong Kong with a guest this week about
just the amount of issuance and these
you know corporates that are really kind
of
tapping into the the the bond market
here right now. Is this a start of a
trend that that you're seeing or
I think local issuance has continued to
pick up. If you use Hong Kong rates as
example you know typically the rates
here are lower compared to the US and a
lot of these are also Hong Kong issuers
to some degree that have some capex or
other expansion needs. For us in terms
of Hong Kong rates we've generally used
that as a US Treasury proxy but I think
in general because the valuations are a
bit tighter compared to US rates we've
typically actually used them more as a
payer bias.
So we use it to sort of use as a you
know optionality hedge versus higher US
Treasury.
What about inflation? How are you how
are you using break even if at all of
course?
What is your view for some inflation in
So I think inflation the as we discussed
the Philippines surprise one is probably
going to be the transmission effects
that we see into the most
>> though. That's the most extreme version.
I think it will feed through is the
message. So I I think you know it's it's
a surprise right? But what I think what
I think I'm trying to say is that feed
through effect typically the the lag
transmission is about one to two
quarters. We are starting to see the
first bits of the transmission. And
transmission doesn't go like on off. It
tends to trend. So because of this then
I think that indicator gave us a very
good signal that you know we might be in
for a higher for longer across the
region. And that's why we should be
prepared for potential rate hikes. But
but it doesn't change the story right?
We we talked about a few quarters the
rate cut cycle is done so now you need
to move into tactical payers or more
structural underweight bias in local
rates. And and just generally when you
look at a Treasury market at 4 and a
half percent is that good absolute
value? I'm sure you get questions around
that. I think on the US rates that's a
very interesting one because it's
actually outperformed most G10s and even
Asia rate markets. And I think that goes
to the point that you know if you look
at sort of the net oil export balance it
is comparatively better than say some of
the countries in the region that are
pure net oil importers or even in the DM
space. So I think because of that then
you know
it has its validity but I guess what it
showcases then is sort of a relative
outperformance of US rates versus some
of the other markets. Jason thank you.
Fantastic. Jason Pang there Asia fixed
income portfolio manager at JP Morgan
Asset Management. Right we will leave
you with a look at markets and how we're
doing across what are we looking at
right now? Equity markets
>> [music]
>> 41,000 on the Tykes index. Lots more
ahead this is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right we're checking movers here
this morning and we're on yes certainly
is what's sending a bit of a shiver
across liquor makers here today. So
there's a bit of a hangover effect after
they had to restate some of their
earnings from last year and I think for
analysts are just slashing their
outlooks now double downgrade from
Goldman and really slashing that price
target to 83 RMB on the back of the
concerns about reporting consistency now
as well. That's in the likes of Lujo
Laojiao Joe also down about close to 4%
here. On the flip side we do see CK
Hutch that certainly is extending those
gains here of course on the back of this
news of Vodafone buying CK Hutch's stake
in the UK's largest mobile operator in a
deal that could be worth about 4.3
billion pounds. So there you go 3% gains
for CK Hutch right now. On the back of I
think it was almost 5% gains that we had
yesterday so markets already continuing
to to to buy into the story of CK Hutch
maybe pulling back in as far as exposure
to the UK is is concerned. And you know
you got to wonder what they're going to
do with that money now
now that they have quite a bit of cash
which I believe. China Overseas Land
this is an upgrade coming through of
HSBC coming up on your screens up about
4 and a half percent. It also goes into
the broader
sort of developer story whether or not
that is Hong Kong exposure and some of
the bullish calls we're getting here in
the city or some of the green shoots
that have reemerged in in mainland
China. Xiaomi very quickly here the the
company posting giving us a number of
the new SUV orders here over 80,000 as
[music] far as that order book
is concerned. Lots more ahead this is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We're back at records here on the
regional benchmark [music]
1.6%
can't wait for Japan to reopen actually
so we might be seeing that of course but
that being said of course futures
already adjusting in Japan and really
reflecting this broad
risk appetite that's coming back
although as you can see there are
pockets of weakness across the region
oil is down energy is down consumer
staples that's
that's likely the liquor story in in
mainland China some of the health care
place of course are not seeing this this
gain permeates within that specific part
of the equity markets China tech is
doing very very well today.
>> Yeah Asia tech China tech even right so
that certainly is you're seeing even the
China adjacent names that are doing very
well particularly when it comes to
semiconductor space so you add the whole
Samsung SK Hynix there you're seeing
double digit gains that catch up story
after coming back from a holiday
MediaTek has been well we're coming off
some of the highs but it's been up three
days limit up for two and then there you
go Capricorn tech I mean they're seeing
double digit gains for all of these sort
of domestic chip related names here
today also continue to show right that
the semiconductor space what the AI
trade works this is the place that works
continuously here but you know there are
some concerns of the concentration risk
as well.
Yeah especially like
you know going back to the Samsung story
right we talked about this one trillion
this one trillion mark on Samsung right
I think the market is about four and a
half trillion so it's it's literally a
quarter
a fifth of the Korean market right so
and I think one of the things that is
likely going to feature more prominently
at least in the Samsung conversation as
we talk about this can we get Samsung up
if we can is you know the last chip
cycle turned very quickly and once and
this one is going to turn it's a
question of really how when when and how
clear that becomes apparent before the
company stated themselves and when that
time comes
markets will discount that very very
quickly and what what how what happens
after the earning story where you did
get the bulk of I think it's 90% of the
earning story in Samsung specifically
did come from memory and what happens
then
to these valuations but I guess we can
worry about that we don't have to worry
about that yeah another day.
>> because it really still remains more of
a supply issue than a demand one.
Clearly still a supply issue yes. but I
think I think Eva Lee was telling us
right when you take a look at third
quarter or even just
>> this this year because it's nine months
ahead of where it's supposed to. maybe
that's when you start to see things you
know turn a little bit but yes this
rally in tech certainly follows what we
saw and heard from AMD as well giving
those robust predictions for its
long-term growth and signaling that it's
winning orders from the biggest spenders
on AI let's bring in April Hong she
joins us now with the latest just give
us a little bit more about this
blockbuster sort of guidance from AMD.
Yeah very strong sales forecast for the
second quarter AMD is expecting 11.2
billion give or take 300 mil on either
side and this really pips what the
average analyst was expecting about 10
and a half billion dollars for the
quarter and it shows you how it's able
so far to cash in on this massive AI
spending that's gotten underway for the
likes of AMD it also shows you how is
able to at such a stage really clinch
new customers you think about how for
some of these data center players
they're looking for perhaps alternatives
to Nvidia which yes is still the
dominant player when it comes to AI
accelerators but maybe these players are
also looking at other options there's a
wide margin between Nvidia and AMD but
you know as I said it's really about
options at this stage and how it has
also managed to clinch market share on
microprocessors from the likes of Intel
especially for its CPUs that are
regaining favor as it's used as a
generalist sort of chip to run AI
software you think about as well how
prior to the set of numbers the stock
had already run up 66% and we see this
rally extending in the Wednesday session
we could be looking at new records and
of course a lot of that stake here given
how the hyperscalers have already been
signaling more than 725 billion dollars
of AI related investments for this year.
So let's let's talk about the the other
side to that April and how they're going
to fund that massive build out you know
this this alphabet is is borrowing
quite a substantial bit of money of
course and we've seen a lot of them
actually tap the bond markets this week
multi currency as well April.
Yeah absolutely I mean you think about
how for Alphabet it is trying to tap any
market that it can so it raised 17
billion dollars from its biggest euro
denominated debt offering along with a
Canada denominated note and it tells you
how it has to borrow big to spend big
and invest in AI infrastructure it also
tells you how there's an insatiable
demand for global investors for anything
AI exposure particularly out of the US
and increasingly I think what it shows
you is also how these tech hyperscalers
are going to play a bigger role in bond
markets in a similar way that they've
done with the stock market so you're
seeing these massive moves as well in
terms of borrowing to fund this
infrastructure build out.
And speaking of AI I mean the big
darling is is still Anthropic I think
February was the month where they really
roiled this whole software trade now it
seems like they're coming for Wall
Street oof what do we know?
Yeah so they rolled out a number of
tools in this week and these are very
squarely geared towards the finance
industry hence the phrase right that
they're coming for Wall Street and these
tools can
help you draft some of these client
meetings can help you also to look at
some of these financial statements and
they're geared towards the banking
insurance asset management fintech
professionals what this also tells you
is how Anthropic is able now to broaden
out its influence beyond Silicon Valley
and I think it was very telling in how
one of its executives talked about how
the finance industry is a great
blueprint for the knowledge work so you
can see the direction that they're
gunning towards and how successful
they've been to your point about them
being a leader in the space I think the
information has been also reporting that
they will be spending with Google to the
tune of about 200 billion dollars over
five years at a time where there's
enough demand certainly for its products
that it needs more computing capacity to
just give you a sense as well on the
scale of this demand that we're seeing
for AI products.
Absolutely April thank you so much for
wrapping all those massive stories for
us it's something that I would imagine
markets will continue to obsess over
these next few hours if not years
Eva Hong in Singapore for us one
trillion we talked about that Samsung
entering becoming the latest company to
enter this very
coveted I guess in many many ways in
terms of scale exclusive club you only
have 13 companies in this. Yeah and now
they rank 12 they're a second largest in
Asia of course following TSMC which is
number seven in the second column there
so certainly it is a milestone a
symbolic one certainly but yes it
continues to be a really good news story
for Samsung there you go we're 13% up
here this morning
it's just a beautiful chart too so we
got to show it again.
>> Big beautiful charts.
In terms of other corporate stories that
we're tracking here today PayPal is set
to be planning to lay off around 20% of
its workforce in the next two to three
years as part of a turnaround push it's
aiming for at least one and a half
billion dollars in savings
>> [music]
>> shares fell as it warned investors of a
decline in second quarter earnings and
said its growth challenges would not be
resolved near term.
New World Development says it has not
yet reached an agreement in relation
[music]
to a potential disposal of its stake in
Hong Kong hotel assets now Bloomberg has
been told it's in [music] talks to sell
its 50% stake in a portfolio of three
hotels valued at around two billion
dollars now sources say potential buyers
>> [music]
>> include Singapore based Ara Vest. All
right just to look at how Asia markets
are doing we continue to be really when
it comes [music] to risk we are taking
it here today we are seeing the CSI 300
coming back from that holiday up one and
a half percent [music] but really the
catch up story continues to be the
standout Kospi here we're well above
that 7300 level for the benchmark here
we're up 6% [music]
here today really led by the chip makers
as I've been telling you about Taiwan
not as as robust here today but still
[music] punching some gains here this
morning. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Both countries understand that it is
neither one of our interests to see
anything destabilized [music] happen in
that part of the world we don't need any
destabilizing events to occur with
regards to Taiwan or anywhere in the
Indo-Pacific.
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio there
on the issue with Taiwan he says he
expects President Trump to discuss
Taiwan with China's Xi Jinping when they
meet in Beijing next week now Trump's
visit will be the first by US president
since he went there in 2017 during his
first term let's bring in Yan Lee
Bloomberg economy and government
reporter he joins us now from our Taipei
Bureau so you know the comments on Rubio
on Taiwan, I'm just wondering
how's that being received over where you
are and and you know, there's this this
term about Taiwan on the menu of these
of these talks next week. What do we
know so far?
Yes, the the US Secretary of State Marco
Rubio said yesterday that, you know,
Trump and Xi will likely talk about
Taiwan in upcoming meeting next week.
And he also said that, you know, the US
and China understand each other's
position on Taiwan and and said that
it's not it's it's not in neither it's
in neither's interest to see anything
destabilized around Taiwan and in
Indo-Pacific region. So far, we haven't
seen any response from both Taipei or
Beijing, but you know, China's Foreign
Minister Wang Yi told Rubio about 2
weeks ago that, you know, Taiwan remains
the biggest risk in the relations
between China and the US and urged
Washington to make the right choice.
On the other hand, in
an interview with Bloomberg News
about 2 weeks ago, Taiwan's Deputy
Foreign Minister told us that he was
worried that Taiwan could be put on the
menu during the the the Trump Trump-Xi
summit. And he also said that um
he was worried that, you know, Trump
could make any change on wording from,
you know,
the US
does not support Taiwan independence to
the US oppose Taiwan independence, which
will obviously be a very big setback for
Taipei.
Yeah, you know, you know, we we we spoke
with one of our guests yesterday on on
perhaps one of the topics, at least
topical for today, but it's certainly
more relevant to the broader
conversation on geopolitics. Jason Hsu
actually chimed in on you know, how
important this defense budget is. I'd
like to play it out Jan before we get
your preview on that. Can we play it out
guys, please? Thank you.
If defense budget cannot be a match with
a sufficient allocation, it means that
President Trump going into that meeting
with President Xi, Xi would have some
sort of a leverage to tell Trump that,
hey look, Taiwan is not even
sure of its own defense preparation. Why
should US arm Taiwan if Taiwan itself is
doesn't want to buy weapons? So, if
Taiwan does not
move quickly, Taiwan could easily become
on the menu under Trump and Xi
negotiation.
Yeah, give us a give us a preview of
this defense budget and and Taiwan.
Yes, so
the the special defense budget that
Jason was referring to was actually
a special package proposed by President
Lai Ching-te's government
last November. And it's it hopes to
allocate like about 1.25 trillion Taiwan
dollar, which is about 40 billion US
dollars to allocate to to fund a flat
ship air defense systems against any
potential Chinese invasion. And but so
far the the the the special defense
budget has been stalled by the
opposition parties, namely the
Kuomintang and also the Taiwan People's
Party for almost 6 months now. So um
So the the the question the the the
stake here is actually pretty much
bigger than the defense budget itself.
It's actually test
of whether Taiwan could to show the
world its its political unity and also
credible deterrence
at the moment when, you know, China's
military prejudice is rising and also
Washington has been watching closely.
And uh
Yeah, so So I I don't
I don't I don't think this issue is
going to be solved very easily cuz
judging from the vibes and also the
discussion within the KMT, I think we we
might still have to wait for some time
and and even more negotiation more
rounds of negotiation before, you know,
this can this this issue can be solved.
Yeah, and thank you. Yeah, we leave
there our economy and government
reporter in in Taipei for us really
staking on the theme of geopolitics and
markets. BlackRock Global Fixed Income
CIO Rick Rider actually says that these
risks on the geopolitical stage are
rising despite the recent comey arcing
actually between Iran and the US.
Speaking to Bloomberg at the Milken
Global Conference, he discussed this
divergence between equities driven by
tech on one hand and of course and bonds
that are seemingly following economic
fundamentals.
The difference in the technicals in the
equity market and the bond market are as
diverse as you can as you can imagine in
that we don't create enough stocks where
you know, the buyback relative to the
issuance of equities. People talk about
the IPO market, it's tiny relative to
the buyback market. We don't create
enough equities and there's a huge
amount of cash out there. You just get
this continued buying and then there's
no stock. Now, if you have a bad piece
of news, it can trend down for a day, a
week.
In bonds, we're getting 520 billion a
week of trade of gross supply of
Treasuries. There's no dearth of supply,
so you have that that is distinctly
different. The other is we're good
witnessing a growth paradigm that is
unbelievable. That is I mean, I think
this year you can grow 6% nominal GDP
after a number of years of significantly
positive
And then you see this in the earnings
numbers that are coming out. I've been
pretty blown away by not just that you
have top-line revenue that's impressive,
but you have pricing power. Pricing
power is the worst thing you can have
for the bond market because obviously
what it means from an inflation side.
So, I think it can persist.
You know, we think about portfolio
allocation and you know, we've gone
through this. You still have a lot of
danger out there in terms of
geopolitical risk, but if you said,
what's my convexity of upside downside?
If you know you're going to have either
good news or bad news and they're going
to correlate together often times.
>> Right.
>> Like equities have a whole lot more
upside than than than quite frankly
interest rates do today.
>> Yeah. We'll bring this conversation to
the corporate credit market because, you
know, the point has been made that
spreads you've seen a little bit of
widening, but you know, a pessimist
might say that looks complacent. But
when it comes to the strength that we're
still seeing through
in corporate earnings when it comes to
equities, I mean, I have to imagine that
translates to the performance of the
credits as well.
>> So, I mean, it's pretty hard and people
say, "God, you know, I don't like these
spreads at these levels." That being
said, the yield fits portfolios, not
just our portfolios, but whether pension
fund, life insurance company, any
insurance company, etc. The yields are
very attractive cuz the risk-free rate
is high because central banks are
keeping it there for for inflation. So,
those yields are interesting. It keeps
demand at a pretty at a great pace.
The other thing that I think is
significant is when you have, you know,
people talk about could you have
defaults? People talk about private
credit, there's stress in private
credit. When the economy's growing at 6%
nominal or let's say I'm wrong and it
grows at low to mid fives, it's pretty
hard to have a default cycle of any
significance. I've learned over my
career, cash flow makes up for a lot of
mistakes and as long as you have that
sort of backbone of cash flow growth,
you're not going to have any significant
default cycle.
And that was Rick Rider there, BlackRock
Global Fixed Income CIO, speaking with
Katie Greifeld and Romaine Bostick at
Milken. A reminder of our new online
feature, which is the Bloomberg video
hub. Subscribers can explore live
streaming, news and interviews, all of
our [music] Bloomberg TV shows,
documentaries, reporter analysis and
more. Check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
>> [music]
>> Well, Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla says his
company wants to be a leader in the AI
transformation. Bourla spoke to us after
first quarter sales beat estimates as
demand for older drugs helped offset a
decline in revenues from COVID products.
AI will change the way that we do things
and as a result, because of this big
disruption, will create a new list of
winners and losers. And those that they
will be able to transform themselves by
using AI will be on the top of the list
and those that they will not will go in
the bottom. Pfizer wants to be on the
very very top of this list.
One of the challenges for the CEO of
such a big and complex company as Pfizer
is you have to do more than one thing at
a time and I don't mean just develop
more than one pharmaceutical at a time.
You have to really manage the costs at
the same time same time you're investing
in the R&D and the development. How are
you coming on that front?
You are right that you need to multitask
if you are a CEO and you mentioned some
of the things that
R&D, which is my passion and I want to
work with my scientists to understand
what we can do. Of course, to control
the costs, but we have to to to to do
also politics if you are asking me. So,
I was spending more time in Washington
than
with my R&D people
all the whole last year and this year in
the beginning. So,
you need to be able to multitask and as
long as you have a good compass, a north
star, you know where the organization
should go and you select the right
people that they can take you there, you
are okay.
You do spend some time in Washington as
I understand it and part of that I
suspect is with the FDA. Dr. Makary and
there are a lot of reporting about Dr.
Makary. I'm not going to ask about that
specifically, but how is the FDA been
for you? They were going to
revolutionize the way they approve new
medicines. Are you seeing that in
practical effect?
I don't see it yet, but I wouldn't
expect to see it also in such a short
period of time. I'm very encouraged with
the comments that they made.
Martin Makary made some comments
recently about how he plans to modernize
FDA so that we can accelerate drug
development because China
has already done our lands.
I have seen
Dr. Oz speaking about how we can make
HHS much more productive. So I'm
encouraged by that. We haven't seen it
yet, but I'm encouraged that they are
thinking in the right direction.
There's been some back and forth at
least for those of us on the outside of
the FDA about the schedule for
vaccinations for COVID. Has that
affected your sales?
Yeah, it was mostly on the CDC the
schedule.
There was some variation that FDA asked
us to to do on COVID which we did
although we disagreed scientifically
there was any merit to do it, but we did
it because they are FDA.
CDC was a very painful story I think and
they did things that
hurt the credibility of this renowned
institution. Things that forced for
example the American
Academy of Pediatricians to start
issuing their own guidelines because
they wouldn't trust anymore the
guidelines of the CDC. Again I think we
have now a turnaround there.
The new director that was appointed is a
very credible
scientist
has a lot of credentials and I'm
optimistic that
all these bad things that we saw in the
vaccines are in the past.
You also have been developing a vaccine
for Lyme disease as I understand it.
Where does that stand? You need more
data.
I think we are going to with the data
that we have right now that was more
than 3 years study. So we have a lot of
data and we are going to submit and uh
we will see how regulators will will
respond, but probably I I'm encouraged
that we will get it approved. This is a
disease that is devastating. There is no
vaccines right now and the incidence is
growing. There are 600,000 cases of
of Lyme disease every year and the the
long-term consequences in the health of
the the people that are getting the
disease are really enormous. So I'm
optimistic that we have something good
for the patients here. Let's go
international for a moment. I know that
you've entered into agreements with some
Chinese firms both this year and I
believe last year as well. Describe
those agreements and what they do for
Pfizer.
We have done several agreements. Most of
them are in licensing which means that
technology and innovation that they have
developed that's very early stage that
we found promising. We license these
technologies and we are developing
ourselves not in China, but in the US.
Right. So we're just wrapping up the
show here. So we will see you all
tomorrow. We will leave you with a look
at this [music] strong rally across risk
assets led by tech today.
Right. See you Thursday. [music]
This is Bloomberg.